NATIONPP.TXT

The attached font NATIONAL PRIMARY is Copyright [c] Roger White - all rights reserved.
This font is Freeware. Provided this font is used for non-commercial purposes then no fee
is payable to the author for it's use. You may use this font yourself and may pass on copies
to your friends provided that the copy contains all of the files from the original package
as follows:-

Postscript Type 1 package - NATIONPP.ZIP contains:-

NATIONPP.AFM
NATIONPP.PFB
NATIONPP.PFM
NATIONPP.INF
NATIONPP.TXT

TrueType package - NATIONPP.ZIP Contains:-

NATIONPP.TTF
NATIONPP.TXT

Distribution of this font as part of a collection which has not been compiled
by the author, distribution for financial gain, or distribution on a disk
attached to a magazine is expressly forbidden except with the prior consent of
the author. Alteration of this font in any way, or conversion to any other
format is expressly forbidden. The Author is able to supply this font as
Postscript type 3 for PC, Nimbus Q, Typetype for Mac, Type 1 and Type 3 for
Mac, and Type 1 for Next. Please send a blank 3.5inch disk together with 1.0uk
pound to cover post and packing.


'NATIONAL PRIMARY' is a high quality font containing full hinting for correct
rendering at small point sizes and a total of 104 kerning pairs for correct character
spacing. It is supplied 'as is' and no waranty is implied or given by the
author. The font has been designed to meet the specification issued by the Dept
of Education and Science for the teaching of subjects contained within the National
Curriculum. Its main use will be in the preparation of worksheets for use within a 
classroom environment, and is suitable for both headlines and body text, and should
render well down to 14 point. The font contains a full range of upper and lower
case letters together with the figures 0 to 9, a full range of punctuation, 
and a full range of diacritics. It was hand traced in order to achieve a high
quality outline and compiled using Fontographer Version 3.5.2. This font represents
aproximately 400 manhours of work.

The author would appreciate notification of any problems experienced with this
font together with any suggestions for improvments.

Roger White,
1, Owens Close,
Rugeley,
Staffs,
WS15 2YH,
England.

rwhiteb@cix.compulink.co.uk
